
[convert to TeX]

- The sRep or string representation of a general tensor network

An srep represents any tensor network and not just a MERA.
An srep is a string. It's composed of sub-strings (tensor stanzas)

srep = tensor stanza  tensor stanza  tensor stanza  ...

An srep may contain whitespace anywhere. All whitespace is ignored. 

-- Tensor Stanza

A tensor stanza is a string with the following syntax

tensor stanza = name id (indicesin | indices out)

A tensor stanza may contain whitespace anywhere. All whitespace is ignored.

name is the name of the tensor, such as u or w. Allowed characters are [a-zA-Z_].
The name may contain at most one * at the end.

The id is a non negative integer. For the MERA it can be later unpacked into time and space, 
but this is not needed or possible in a general tensor network.

indicesin is an empty string OR a comma separated list of symbolic indices, the symbolic indices 
of the in legs. 

If indicesin is empty the number ins is set to zero.
Else the number of commas plus one defines the number ins. The number of commas may be zero.

indicesout is an empty string OR a comma separated list of symbolic indices, the symbolic indices 
of the out legs. 

If indicesout is empty the number outs is set to zero.
Else the number of commas plus one defines the number outs. The number of commas may be zero.

If the indicesout is empty the | may be omitted
[Implementation Note: Current implementation mandates that | be omitted in this case]

A tensor stanza MUST have ins + outs > 0.

-- Symbolic indices of legs

A symbolic index is a string formed by a letter plus an optional non-zero integer.
The letter can be 's' or 'f' to indicate whether the symbolic index is summed-over (s) or free (f).
The letter 'd' indicates that the symbolic index is a dummy.
The letter 'r' indicates that the symbolic index is the root of the mera (eye of the mera).
The non-zero integer MUST be present for all symbolic letters except 'd' and 'r'.

-- Whitespace
One or more of the following: space, tab, eol.

